---
description: Use this topic to help manage Windows and Windows Server technologies with Windows PowerShell.
external help file: Microsoft.BestPractices.Cmdlets.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: BestPractices
ms.date: 12/27/2016
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/bestpractices/get-bparesult?view=windowsserver2025-ps&wt.mc_id=ps-gethelp
schema: 2.0.0
title: Get-BpaResult
---

# Get-BpaResult

## SYNOPSIS
Retrieves and displays the results of the most recent Best Practices Analyzer (BPA) scan for a specific model.

## SYNTAX

### ModelParameterSet (Default)
```
Get-BpaResult [-ModelId] <String> [-CollectedConfiguration] [-All] [-Filter <FilterOptions>]
 [-RepositoryPath <String>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### SubModelParameterSet
```
Get-BpaResult [-ModelId] <String> [-CollectedConfiguration] [-All] [-Filter <FilterOptions>]
 [-RepositoryPath <String>] [-SubModelId <String>] [-ComputerName <String[]>] [-Context <String>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-BpaResult** cmdlet retrieves and displays the results of the latest Best Practices Analyzer (BPA) scan for a specific model that is installed on a computer.
To use this cmdlet, add the *ModelId* parameter, and specify the model identifier (ID) for which to view the most recent BPA scan results.
The *All* parameter can be used to retrieve all of the scanned results for a particular model.
If the *All* parameter is not specified, then the most recent results of the particular model are returned.

This cmdlet can be used to view the results of a BPA scan for a specific model.
An administrator specifies a model ID as a parameter and the latest results for that model are displayed.

Note: This cmdlet does not start a new BPA scan.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get BPA scan results by model ID
```
PS C:\> Get-BPAResult -ModelId ModelId1
```

This example returns the most recent BPA scan results for the model that is represented by ModelId1.
The short form of the *ModelId* parameter can also be used, *Id*.

### Example 2: Get all BPA model scan results
```
PS C:\> Get-BPAModel | Get-BPAResult
```

In this example, the **Get-BpaModel** cmdlet is used to return a list of all BPA models that are installed on the computer.
The results of the **Get-BpaModel** cmdlet are piped to this cmdlet to retrieve the most recent BPA scan results for all models that are supported by BPA.

## PARAMETERS

### -All
Returns the output type Reports.
This parameter can be used to retrieve all of the scanned results for a particular model.
If this parameter is not specified, then the most recent results of the particular model are returned.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -CollectedConfiguration
Returns only discovery information that was collected during a BPA scan, not the results of evaluating rules in the model.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ComputerName
Specifies the target computer from which to retrieve BPA results.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: SubModelParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Context
Scans a submodel in the context of a specific model (one that is different from the parent model of the submodel).
For example, an administrator wants to run a scan on the Backend submodel of the SQL model, but only those in the context of a third model, a technology that relies upon SQL Server.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: SubModelParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Filter
Filters the type of result to return.
The acceptable values for this parameter are:

- All
- Compliant
- Noncompliant

```yaml
Type: FilterOptions
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Accepted values: All, Compliant, Noncompliant

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ModelId
Identifies the model from which results need to be obtained.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: Id, BestPracticesModelId

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RepositoryPath
Specifies the location of the repository from which to get the results generated by the Invoke-BpaModel.
The **Invoke-BpaModel** cmdlet provides an option to store the results either in the default reports repository location contained in the ReportsRoot registry key or in the custom location supplied as the value of this parameter.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubModelId
Identifies the submodel for the model specified by the *ModelId* parameter.For example, the Update Services model (`Microsoft/Windows/UpdateServices`) has two submodels (UpdateServices-DB, UpdateServices-Services).

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: SubModelParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### System.String

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.BestPractices.CoreInterface.Report

### Microsoft.BestPractices.CoreInterface.Result

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-BpaModel](./Get-BpaModel.md)

[Invoke-BpaModel](./Invoke-BpaModel.md)

[Set-BpaResult](./Set-BpaResult.md)

