---
external help file: Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: ActiveDirectory
online version: 
schema: 2.0.0
title: Get-ADReplicationPartnerMetadata
ms.author: v-kaunu
ms.reviewer: brianlic
description: 
keywords: powershell, cmdlet
author: Kateyanne
manager: jasgro
ms.date: 10/30/2017
ms.topic: reference
ms.prod: powershell
ms.assetid: 91A2E11C-4810-4162-81D1-3A7DED92D2BA
---

# Get-ADReplicationPartnerMetadata

## SYNOPSIS
Returns the replication metadata for a set of one or more replication partners.

## SYNTAX

### Target (Default)
```
Get-ADReplicationPartnerMetadata [-AuthType <ADAuthType>] [-Credential <PSCredential>]
 [-EnumerationServer <String>] [-Filter <String>] [[-Partition] <String[]>] [[-PartnerType] <ADPartnerType>]
 [-Target] <Object[]> [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Scope
```
Get-ADReplicationPartnerMetadata [-AuthType <ADAuthType>] [-Credential <PSCredential>]
 [-EnumerationServer <String>] [-Filter <String>] [[-Partition] <String[]>] [[-PartnerType] <ADPartnerType>]
 [-Scope] <ADScopeType> [[-Target] <Object[]>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-ADReplicationPartnerMetadata** cmdlet returns an Active Directory replication partner metadata object for each of its replication partners which contains all of the relevant replication data for the partners involved.
This includes attributes such as **LastReplicationSuccess** or **LastReplicationAttempt** and other data specific to each pairing of replication partners.
If the results are too verbose for your needs, you can use the **Partition** parameter to specify a partition to narrow down the results.
Optionally, you can use the **Filter** parameter to narrow down results as well.
If no partition or filter are specified for the results, the default naming context is used and metadata for all replication partners is returned.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get replication partner metadata for a domain controller
```
PS C:\>Get-ADReplicationPartnerMetadata -Target corp-DC01
```

This command gets the replication metadata between corp-DC01 and its inbound partners for the default partition only.

### Example 2: Get replication partner metadata for a domain controller and its inbound partners
```
PS C:\>Get-ADReplicationPartnerMetadata -Target corp-DC01 -PartnerType Inbound
```

This command gets the replication metadata between corp-DC01 and its inbound partners for the default partition only (same as above).

### Example 3: Get replication partner metadata for a schema partition
```
PS C:\>Get-ADReplicationPartnerMetadata -Target corp-DC01,corp-DC02 -PartnerType Both -Partition Schema
```

This command gets the replication metadata between corp-DC01, corp-DC02 and their respective partners only (both inbound and outbound) for the schema partition.

### Example 4: Get replication partner metadata for all domain controllers in a site
```
PS C:\>Get-ADReplicationPartnerMetadata -Target NorthAmerica -Scope Site -Partition *
```

This command gets the replication metadata for all the inbound partners of all the domain controllers within the NorthAmerica site for all hosted partitions.

### Example 5: Get replication partner metadata for inbound partners for a default partition
```
PS C:\>Get-ADReplicationPartnerMetadata -Target "corp.contoso.com" -Scope Domain
```

This command gets the replication metadata for all the domain controllers that are inbound partners for the default partition in the domain corp.contoso.com.

### Example 6: Get replication partner metadata for inbound partners in a forest
```
PS C:\>Get-ADReplicationPartnerMetadata -Target "corp.contoso.com" -Scope Forest -Partition Configuration
```

This command gets the replication metadata for all the domain controllers that are inbound partners for the configuration partition in the forest corp.contoso.com.

## PARAMETERS

### -AuthType
Specifies the authentication method to use.
The acceptable values for this parameter are:

- Negotiate or 0
- Basic or 1

The default authentication method is Negotiate.

A Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) connection is required for the Basic authentication method.

```yaml
Type: ADAuthType
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: Negotiate, Basic

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.AuthType.Negotiate
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Credential
Specifies a user account that has permission to perform this action.
The default is the current user.

Type a user name, such as User01 or Domain01\User01, or enter a **PSCredential** object, such as one generated by the Get-Credentialhttp://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=293936 cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.

This parameter is not supported by any providers installed with Windows PowerShell.

```yaml
Type: PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EnumerationServer
Specifies the Active Directory Domain Services instance to connect to, by providing one of the following values for a corresponding domain name or directory server.
The service may be any of the following:  Active Directory Lightweight Domain Services, Active Directory Domain Services or Active Directory snapshot instance.

Specify the instance in one of the following ways:  

Domain name values:

- Fully qualified domain name
- NetBIOS name

Directory server values: 

- Fully qualified directory server name
- NetBIOS name
- Fully qualified directory server name and port

The default value for this parameter is determined by one of the following methods in the order that they are listed:

- By using the **Server** value from objects passed through the pipeline
- By using the server information associated with the Active Directory Domain ServicesWindows PowerShell provider drive, when the cmdlet runs in that drive
- By using the domain of the computer running Windows PowerShell

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Filter
Specifies a filter in the provider's format or language.
The value of this parameter qualifies the **Path** parameter.
The syntax of the filter, including the use of wildcards, depends on the provider.
**Filters** are more efficient than other parameters, because the provider applies them when retrieving the objects, rather than having Windows PowerShell filter the objects after they are retrieved.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Partition
Specifies the distinguished name of an Active Directory partition.
The distinguished name must be one of the naming contexts on the current directory server.
The cmdlet searches this partition to find the object defined by the **Identity** parameter.

In many cases, a default value will be used for the Partition parameter if no value is specified. 
The rules for determining the default value are given below. 
Note that rules listed first are evaluated first and once a default value can be determined, no further rules will be evaluated.

In Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS) environments, a default value for **Partition** is set in the following cases: 

- If the **Identity** parameter is set to a distinguished name, the default value of **Partition** is automatically generated from this distinguished name.
- If running cmdlets from an Active Directory provider drive, the default value of **Partition** is automatically generated from the current path in the drive. 
- If none of the previous cases apply, the default value of **Partition** is set to the default partition or naming context of the target domain.

In Active Directory Lightweight Directory Services (AD LDS) environments, a default value for **Partition** is set in the following cases:

- If the **Identity** parameter is set to a distinguished name, the default value of **Partition** is automatically generated from this distinguished name. 
- If running cmdlets from an Active Directory provider drive, the default value of **Partition** is automatically generated from the current path in the drive. 
- If the target AD LDS instance has a default naming context, the default value of **Partition** is set to the default naming context.
To specify a default naming context for an AD LDS environment, set the **msDS-defaultNamingContext** property of the Active Directory directory service agent object (**nTDSDSA**) for the AD LDS instance. 
- If none of the previous cases apply, the **Partition** parameter does not take any default value.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: NC, NamingContext

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: DefaultNC; Provider: Default is to use the Partition that you are currently in. Else, use DefaultNC (IE: If you are in the RootDSE)
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PartnerType
Specifies an enumeration of the replication types returned by this cmdlet.
The acceptable values for this parameter are:

- Inbound
- Outbound
- Both

```yaml
Type: ADPartnerType
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: Inbound, Outbound, Both

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: Inbound
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Scope
Specifies the scope type for the Target parameter when used as input.
The acceptable values for this parameter are:

- Server
- Site
- Domain
- Forest

Server

Site

Domain

Forest

```yaml
Type: ADScopeType
Parameter Sets: Scope
Aliases: 
Accepted values: Server, Domain, Forest, Site

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Target
Specifies the target for returning replication partner metadata as either one or more domain controllers, sites, domains, or forests.
If multiple values for the target are to be specified, they need to be separated by commas.
This parameter will return results for all the domain controllers specified or for part of the specified container.

```yaml
Type: Object[]
Parameter Sets: Target
Aliases: Name, HostName, Site, Domain, Forest

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: DCLocator;  Provider: -Server of the connected drive
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

```yaml
Type: Object[]
Parameter Sets: Scope
Aliases: Name, HostName, Site, Domain, Forest

Required: False
Position: 0
Default value: DCLocator;  Provider: -Server of the connected drive
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADDirectoryServer
A class structure that represents Active Directory server objects.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADReplicationPartnerMetadata
A class structure that represents Active Directory replication partner metadata objects.

## NOTES
* The default behavior for this cmdlet is to prompt for server identity. Other tools that have been made available in prior releases of Windows Server to manage replication partnerships include Active Directory Sites and Services and the Repadmin.exe tool. If this cmdlet is aliased, it should use ReplSummary as the alias name value.

## RELATED LINKS

