---
description: Use this topic to help manage Windows and Windows Server technologies with Windows PowerShell.
external help file: Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: ActiveDirectory
ms.date: 12/27/2016
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/activedirectory/get-adreplicationuptodatenessvectortable?view=windowsserver2025-ps&wt.mc_id=ps-gethelp
schema: 2.0.0
title: Get-ADReplicationUpToDatenessVectorTable
---

# Get-ADReplicationUpToDatenessVectorTable

## SYNOPSIS
Displays the highest Update Sequence Number (USN) for the specified domain controller.

## SYNTAX

### Target (Default)
```
Get-ADReplicationUpToDatenessVectorTable [-AuthType <ADAuthType>] [-Credential <PSCredential>]
 [-EnumerationServer <String>] [-Filter <String>] [[-Partition] <String[]>] [-Target] <Object[]>
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Scope
```
Get-ADReplicationUpToDatenessVectorTable [-AuthType <ADAuthType>] [-Credential <PSCredential>]
 [-EnumerationServer <String>] [-Filter <String>] [[-Partition] <String[]>] [-Scope] <ADScopeType>
 [[-Target] <Object[]>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-ADReplicationUpToDatenessVectorTable** cmdlet displays the highest Update Sequence Number (USN) for the specified domain controller(s).
This information shows how up-to-date a replica is with its replication partners.
During replication, each object that is replicated has USN and if the object is modified, the USN is incremented.
The value of the USN for a given object is local to each domain controller where it has replicated are number is different on each domain controller.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get the highest USN for the default partition
```
PS C:\> Get-ADReplicationUpToDatenessVectorTable -Target corp-DC01
```

This command gets the highest USN information for the default partition from corp-DC01.

### Example 2: Get the highest USN for the default partition
```
PS C:\> Get-ADReplicationUpToDatenessVectorTable -Target corp-DC01 -Scope Server
```

This command gets the highest USN information for the default partition from corp-DC01.

### Example 3: Get the highest USN for a schema partition
```
PS C:\> Get-ADReplicationUpToDatenessVectorTable -Target corp-DC01,corp-DC02 -Partition Schema
```

This command gets the highest USN information for the schema partition from corp-DC01 and corp-DC02.

### Example 4: Get the highest USN for all partitions for all domain controllers in a site
```
PS C:\> Get-ADReplicationUpToDatenessVectorTable -Target NorthAmerica -Scope Site -Partition *
```

This command gets the highest USN for all partitions from all the domain controllers in site NorthAmerica.

### Example 5: Get the highest USN for the default partition from all domain controllers in a domain
```
PS C:\> Get-ADReplicationUpToDatenessVectorTable -Target "corp.contoso.com" -Scope Domain -Partition Default
```

This command gets the highest USN for the default partition from all the domain controllers in domain corp.contoso.com.

### Example 6: Get the highest USN for the configuration partition from all domain controllers in a forest
```
PS C:\> Get-ADReplicationUpToDatenessVectorTable -Target "corp.contoso.com" -Scope Forest -Partition Configuration
```

This command gets the highest USN for the configuration partition from all the domain controllers in forest corp.contoso.com.

## PARAMETERS

### -AuthType
Specifies the authentication method to use.
The acceptable values for this parameter are:

- Negotiate or 0
- Basic or 1

The default authentication method is Negotiate.

A Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) connection is required for the Basic authentication method.

```yaml
Type: ADAuthType
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Accepted values: Negotiate, Basic

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Credential
Specifies a user account that has permission to perform this action.
The default is the current user.

Type a user name, such as User01 or Domain01\User01, or enter a **PSCredential** object, such as one generated by the **Get-Credential** cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.

This parameter is not supported by any providers installed with Windows PowerShell.

```yaml
Type: PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EnumerationServer
Specifies the Active Directory Domain Services instance to connect to, by providing one of the following values for a corresponding domain name or directory server.
The service may be any of the following:  Active Directory Lightweight Domain Services, Active Directory Domain Services or Active Directory Snapshot instance.

Specify the instance in one of the following ways:

Domain name values:

- Fully qualified domain name
- NetBIOS name

Directory server values:

- Fully qualified directory server name
- NetBIOS name
- Fully qualified directory server name and port

The default value for this parameter is determined by one of the following methods in the order that they are listed:

- By using the *Server* value from objects passed through the pipeline
- By using the server information associated with the Active Directory Domain Services Windows PowerShell provider drive, when the cmdlet runs in that drive
- By using the domain of the computer running Windows PowerShell

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Filter
Specifies a filter in the provider's format or language.
The value of this parameter qualifies the *Path* parameter.
The syntax of the filter, including the use of wildcards, depends on the provider.
Filters are more efficient than other parameters, because the provider applies them when retrieving the objects, rather than having Windows PowerShell filter the objects after they are retrieved.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Partition
Specifies the distinguished name of an Active Directory partition.
The distinguished name must be one of the naming contexts on the current directory server.
The cmdlet searches this partition to find the object defined by the *Identity* parameter.

In many cases, a default value is used for the *Partition* parameter if no value is specified.
The rules for determining the default value are given below.
Note that rules listed first are evaluated first and once a default value can be determined, no further rules are evaluated.

In Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS) environments, a default value for *Partition* is set in the following cases:

- If the *Identity* parameter is set to a distinguished name, the default value of *Partition* is automatically generated from this distinguished name.
- If running cmdlets from an Active Directory provider drive, the default value of *Partition* is automatically generated from the current path in the drive.
- If none of the previous cases apply, the default value of *Partition* is set to the default partition or naming context of the target domain.
In Active Directory Lightweight Directory Services (AD LDS) environments, a default value for *Partition* is set in the following cases:

- If the *Identity* parameter is set to a distinguished name, the default value of *Partition* is automatically generated from this distinguished name.
- If running cmdlets from an Active Directory provider drive, the default value of *Partition* is automatically generated from the current path in the drive.
- If the target AD LDS instance has a default naming context, the default value of *Partition* is set to the default naming context.
To specify a default naming context for an AD LDS environment, set the **msDS-defaultNamingContext** property of the Active Directory directory service agent object (**nTDSDSA**) for the AD LDS instance.
- If none of the previous cases apply, the *Partition* parameter does not take any default value.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: NC, NamingContext

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Scope
Specifies the type of object used as input by the *Target* parameter.
The acceptable values for this parameter are:

- Server
- Site
- Domain
- Forest

```yaml
Type: ADScopeType
Parameter Sets: Scope
Aliases: ReplicationSite
Accepted values: Server, Domain, Forest, Site

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Target
Specifies either one or more (using a comma separated list) of Active Directory domain controllers, sites, domains, or forests.
It will return results for all the domain controllers that are specified or that are part of the specified container.

```yaml
Type: Object[]
Parameter Sets: Target
Aliases: Name, HostName, Site, Domain, Forest

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

```yaml
Type: Object[]
Parameter Sets: Scope
Aliases: Name, HostName, Site, Domain, Forest

Required: False
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADDirectoryServer
A class structure that contains one or more Active Directory server objects.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADReplicationUpToDatenessVector
A class structure that contains one or more Active Directory replication up-to-dateness (UTD) vector tables.

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

