---
description: Use this topic to help manage Windows and Windows Server technologies with Windows PowerShell.
external help file: Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: ActiveDirectory
ms.date: 12/27/2016
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/activedirectory/get-adreplicationattributemetadata?view=windowsserver2025-ps&wt.mc_id=ps-gethelp
schema: 2.0.0
title: Get-ADReplicationAttributeMetadata
---

# Get-ADReplicationAttributeMetadata

## SYNOPSIS
Gets the replication metadata for one or more Active Directory replication partners.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-ADReplicationAttributeMetadata [-AuthType <ADAuthType>] [-Credential <PSCredential>] [-Filter <String>]
 [-IncludeDeletedObjects] [-Object] <ADObject> [[-Properties] <String[]>] [-Server] <String>
 [-ShowAllLinkedValues] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-ADReplicationAttributeMetadata** cmdlet gets the replication metadata for one or more attributes on a given object.
The metadata is contained in the following two directory objects:

- Single-value attribute: **msDS-ReplAttributeMetaData**
- Multi-value attribute: **msDS-ReplValueMetaData**

The cmdlet parses the byte array(s) and returns the data in a readable format.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get replication metadata for the attributes of a group
```
PS C:\> Get-ADReplicationAttributeMetadata -Object "CN=Domain Admins,CN=Users,DC=corp,DC=contoso,DC=com" -Server corp-DC01 -ShowAllLinkedValues
```

This command gets the replication metadata for the attributes of a group with distinguished name CN=Domain Admins,CN=Users,DC=corp,DC=contoso,DC=com from the CORP-DC01 domain controller.
By including the *ShowAllLinkedValues* parameter if a multi-valued attribute is present, all of its linked values are also retrieved.

### Example 2: Get replication metadata for the attributes of an object
```
PS C:\> Get-ADReplicationAttributeMetadata -Object "1A7BFEC6-C92C-4804-94B0-D407E51F1B64" -Server corp-DC01 -IncludeDeletedObjects
```

This command gets the replication metadata for the attributes of an object with the GUID 1A7BFEC6-C92C-4804-94B0-D407E51F1B64, including the deleted objects and the deactivated forward and backward links.

### Example 3: Get filtered replication metadata for all groups
```
PS C:\> Get-ADObject -Filter 'objectclass -eq "group"' | Get-ADReplicationAttributeMetadata -Server corp-DC01 | Where-Object {$_.lastoriginatingchangetime -like "*11/10/2011*"} | Format-Table object
```

This command gets all groups that have any of their attributes modified on 11/10/2011.

## PARAMETERS

### -AuthType
Specifies the authentication method to use.
The acceptable values for this parameter are:

- Negotiate or 0
- Basic or 1

The default authentication method is Negotiate.

A Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) connection is required for the Basic authentication method.

```yaml
Type: ADAuthType
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Accepted values: Negotiate, Basic

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Credential
Specifies a user account that has permission to perform this action.
The default is the current user.

Type a user name, such as User01 or Domain01\User01, or enter a **PSCredential** object, such as one generated by the **Get-Credential** cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you are prompted for a password.

This parameter is not supported by any providers installed with Windows PowerShell.

```yaml
Type: PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Filter
Specifies a filter in the provider's format or language.
The value of this parameter qualifies the *Path* parameter.
The syntax of the filter, including the use of wildcards, depends on the provider.
Filters are more efficient than other parameters, because the provider applies them when retrieving the objects, rather than having Windows PowerShell filter the objects after they are retrieved.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -IncludeDeletedObjects
Specifies to retrieve deleted objects and the deactivated forward and backward links.
When this parameter is specified, the cmdlet uses the following Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) controls:

- Show Deleted Objects (1.2.840.113556.1.4.417)
- Show Deactivated Links (1.2.840.113556.1.4.2065)

Note: If this parameter is not specified, the cmdlet does not return or operate on deleted objects.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Object
Specifies an Active Directory object by providing one of the following property values.
The identifier in parentheses is the LDAP display name for the attribute.
The acceptable values for this parameter are:

- A distinguished name
- A GUID (objectGUID)

The cmdlet searches the default naming context or partition to find the object.
If two or more objects are found, the cmdlet returns a non-terminating error.

This parameter can also get this object through the pipeline or you can set this parameter to an object instance.

Derived types, such as the following are also accepted:

- **Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADGroup**
- **Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADUser**
- **Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADComputer**
- **Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADServiceAccount**
- **Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADFineGrainedPasswordPolicy**
- **Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADDomain**

```yaml
Type: ADObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Properties
Specifies a list of one or more attribute names as a comma separated list to return the metadata for replication partners.
This parameter also accepts * (wildcard) to indicate to return all attributes set on the object.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: Property, Attribute, Attributes

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Server
Specifies the Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS) instance to connect to, by providing one of the following values for a corresponding domain name or directory server.
The service may be any of the following: Active Directory Lightweight Directory Services (AD LDS), AD DS, or Active Directory snapshot instance.

Specify the AD DS instance in one of the following ways:

Domain name values:

- Fully qualified domain name
- NetBIOS name

Directory server values:

- Fully qualified directory server name
- NetBIOS name
- Fully qualified directory server name and port

The default value for this parameter is determined by one of the following methods in the order that they are listed:

- By using the *Server* value from objects passed through the pipeline
- By using the server information associated with the AD DS Windows PowerShell provider drive, when the cmdlet runs in that drive
- By using the domain of the computer running Windows PowerShell

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ShowAllLinkedValues
Indicates that the cmdlet returns all linked values if the attribute returned is multi-valued.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADObject
A class structure that represents the Active Directory objects.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADReplicationAttributeMetadata
A class structure that represents Active Directory replication attribute metadata objects.

## NOTES
* The default behavior for this cmdlet is to prompt for object identity. Other tools that have been provided to manage this feature in previous releases of Windows Server include the Repadmin.exe command-line tool.

## RELATED LINKS

