---
description: Use this topic to help manage Windows and Windows Server technologies with Windows PowerShell.
external help file: Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: ActiveDirectory
ms.date: 12/27/2016
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/activedirectory/get-adreplicationfailure?view=windowsserver2025-ps&wt.mc_id=ps-gethelp
schema: 2.0.0
title: Get-ADReplicationFailure
---

# Get-ADReplicationFailure

## SYNOPSIS
Returns a collection of data describing an Active Directory replication failure.

## SYNTAX

### Target (Default)
```
Get-ADReplicationFailure [-AuthType <ADAuthType>] [-Credential <PSCredential>] [-EnumeratingServer <String>]
 [-Filter <String>] [-Target] <Object[]> [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Scope
```
Get-ADReplicationFailure [-AuthType <ADAuthType>] [-Credential <PSCredential>] [-EnumeratingServer <String>]
 [-Filter <String>] [-Scope] <ADScopeType> [[-Target] <Object[]>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-ADReplicationFailure** cmdlet returns all failures currently associated with a given domain controller or Active Directory Lightweight Directory Services (AD LDS) instance.
The return object is of type **ADReplicationFailure**.
This cmdlet returns the list of failures in the **ADReplicationSummary** object for a specific server.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get replication failure data for a domain controller
```
PS C:\> Get-ADReplicationFailure -Target corp-DC01
```

This command gets a collection of data that describes an Active Directory replication failure for corp-DC01.

### Example 2: Get replication failure data for a server
```
PS C:\> Get-ADReplicationFailure -Target corp-DC01 -Scope Server
```

This command gets a collection of data that describes an Active Directory replication failure from corp-DC01.

### Example 3: Get replication failure data for multiple domain controllers
```
PS C:\> Get-ADReplicationFailure -Target corp-DC01,corp-DC02
```

This command gets a collection of data describing an Active Directory replication failure from corp-DC01 and corp-DC02.

### Example 4: Get replication failure data for a site
```
PS C:\> Get-ADReplicationFailure -Target NorthAmerica -Scope Site
```

This command gets a collection of data describing Active Directory replication failures from all the domain controllers in the site NorthAmerica.

### Example 5: Get replication failure data for all domain controllers in a domain
```
PS C:\> Get-ADReplicationFailure -Target "corp.contoso.com" -Scope Domain
```

This command gets a collection of data describing Active Directory replication failures from all the domain controllers in the domain corp.contoso.com.

### Example 6: Get replication failure data for all domain controllers in a forest
```
PS C:\> Get-ADReplicationFailure -Target "corp.contoso.com" -Scope Forest
```

This command gets a collection of data describing Active Directory replication failures from all the domain controllers in the forest corp.contoso.com.

## PARAMETERS

### -AuthType
Specifies the authentication method to use.
The acceptable values for this parameter are:

- Negotiate or 0
- Basic or 1

The default authentication method is Negotiate.

A Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) connection is required for the Basic authentication method.

```yaml
Type: ADAuthType
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Accepted values: Negotiate, Basic

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Credential
Specifies a user account that has permission to perform this action.
The default is the current user.

Type a user name, such as User01 or Domain01\User01, or enter a **PSCredential** object, such as one generated by the **Get-Credential** cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.

This parameter is not supported by any providers installed with Windows PowerShell.

```yaml
Type: PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EnumeratingServer
Specifies the Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS) instance to connect to, by providing one of the following values for a corresponding domain name or directory server.
The service may be any of the following: Active Directory Lightweight Domain Services (AD LDS), AD DS, or Active Directory snapshot instance.

Specify the instance in one of the following ways:

Domain name values:

- Fully qualified domain name
- NetBIOS name

Directory server values:

- Fully qualified directory server name
- NetBIOS name
- Fully qualified directory server name and port

The default value for this parameter is determined by one of the following methods in the order that they are listed:

- By using the *Server* value from objects passed through the pipeline
- By using the server information associated with the AD DS Windows PowerShell provider drive, when the cmdlet runs in that drive
- By using the domain of the computer running Windows PowerShell

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Filter
Specifies a filter in the provider's format or language.
The value of this parameter qualifies the *Path* parameter.
The syntax of the filter, including the use of wildcards, depends on the provider.
Filters are more efficient than other parameters, because the provider applies them when retrieving the objects, rather than having Windows PowerShell filter the objects after they are retrieved.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Scope
Specifies the type of object used as input by the *Target* parameter.
The acceptable values for this parameter are:

- Server
- Site
- Domain
- Forest

```yaml
Type: ADScopeType
Parameter Sets: Scope
Aliases: ReplicationSite
Accepted values: Server, Domain, Forest, Site

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Target
Specifies either one or more (using a comma separated list) of Active Directory domain controllers, sites, domains, or forests.
It returns results for all the domain controllers that are specified or that are part of the specified container.

```yaml
Type: Object[]
Parameter Sets: Target
Aliases: Name, HostName, Site, Domain, Forest

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

```yaml
Type: Object[]
Parameter Sets: Scope
Aliases: Name, HostName, Site, Domain, Forest

Required: False
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADDirectoryServer
A class structure that contains one or more Active Directory server objects.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADReplicationFailure
A class structure that represents Active Directory replication failure objects.

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

