---
description: Use this topic to help manage Windows and Windows Server technologies with Windows PowerShell.
external help file: Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: ActiveDirectory
ms.date: 12/27/2016
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/activedirectory/new-adreplicationsubnet?view=windowsserver2025-ps&wt.mc_id=ps-gethelp
schema: 2.0.0
title: New-ADReplicationSubnet
---

# New-ADReplicationSubnet

## SYNOPSIS
Creates an Active Directory replication subnet object.

## SYNTAX

```
New-ADReplicationSubnet [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [-AuthType <ADAuthType>] [-Credential <PSCredential>]
 [-Description <String>] [-Instance <ADReplicationSubnet>] [-Location <String>] [-Name] <String>
 [-OtherAttributes <Hashtable>] [-PassThru] [-Server <String>] [[-Site] <ADReplicationSite>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **New-ADReplicationSubnet** cmdlet creates a new Active Directory subnet object.
Subnet objects (class subnet) define network subnets in Active Directory.
A network subnet is a segment of a TCP/IP network to which a set of logical IP addresses is assigned.
Subnets group computers in a way that identifies their physical proximity on the network.
Subnet objects in Active Directory are used to map computers to sites.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Create a subnet
```
PS C:\> New-ADReplicationSubnet -Name "10.0.0.0/25"
```

This command creates a subnet named 10.0.0.0/25.

### Example 2: Create a subnet for a specified location
```
PS C:\> New-ADReplicationSubnet -Name "10.10.0.0/22" -Site Asia -Location "Tokyo,Japan"
```

This command creates a new subnet named 10.10.0.0/22 with Asia as its associated site, and sets the **Location** property to Tokyo,Japan.

## PARAMETERS

### -AuthType
Specifies the authentication method to use.
The acceptable values for this parameter are:

- Negotiate or 0
- Basic or 1

The default authentication method is Negotiate.

A Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) connection is required for the Basic authentication method.

```yaml
Type: ADAuthType
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Accepted values: Negotiate, Basic

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Credential
Specifies a user account that has permission to perform this action.
The default is the current user.

Type a user name, such as User01 or Domain01\User01, or enter a **PSCredential** object, such as one generated by the **Get-Credential** cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.

This parameter is not supported by any providers installed with Windows PowerShell.

```yaml
Type: PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Description
Specifies a description of the object.
This parameter sets the value of the **Description** property for the object.
The LDAP Display Name (**ldapDisplayName**) for this property is description.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Instance
Specifies an instance of a subnet object to use as a template for a new subnet object.

You can use an instance of an existing subnet object as a template or you can construct a new subnet object by using the Windows PowerShell command line or by using a script.

Method 1: Use an existing subnet object as a template for a new subnet object.
To retrieve an instance of an existing subnet object, use the Get-ADReplicationSubnet cmdlet.
Then provide this object to the *Instance* parameter of the **New-ADReplicationSubnet** cmdlet to create a new subnet object.
You can override property values of the new object by setting the appropriate parameters.

Method 2: Create a new **ADReplicationSubnet** and set the property values by using the Windows PowerShell command line interface.
Then pass this object to the *Instance* parameter of the **New-ADReplicationSubnet** cmdlet to create the new subnet object.

Note: Specified attributes are not validated, so attempting to set attributes that do not exist or cannot be set raises an error.

```yaml
Type: ADReplicationSubnet
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Specifies a description of the physical location of this subnet.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the subnet.
This parameter sets the **Name** property of the Active Directory object.
The LDAP display name (**ldapDisplayName**) of this property is name.

Subnet names in Active Directory take the form network/bits masked.
For example, the subnet object 172.16.72.0/22 has a subnet of 172.16.72.0 and a 22-bit subnet mask.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OtherAttributes
Specifies object attribute values for attributes that are not represented by cmdlet parameters.
You can set one or more parameters at the same time with this parameter.
If an attribute takes more than one value, you can assign multiple values.
To identify an attribute, specify the LDAP display name (**ldapDisplayName**) defined for it in the Active Directory schema.

To specify a single value for an attribute:

`-OtherAttributes @{'AttributeLDAPDisplayName'=value}`

To specify multiple values for an attribute:

`-OtherAttributes @{'AttributeLDAPDisplayName'=value1,value2,...}`

You can specify values for more than one attribute by using semicolons to separate attributes.
The following syntax shows how to set values for multiple attributes:

`-OtherAttributes @{'Attribute1LDAPDisplayName'=value; 'Attribute2LDAPDisplayName'=value1,value2;...}`

The following examples show how to use this parameter.

To set the value of a custom attribute called favColors that takes a set of Unicode strings, use the following syntax:

`-OtherAttributes @{'favColors'="pink","purple"}`

To set values for favColors and dateOfBirth simultaneously, use the following syntax:

`-OtherAttributes @{'favColors'="pink","purple"; 'dateOfBirth'=" 01/01/1960"}`

```yaml
Type: Hashtable
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PassThru
Returns an object representing the item with which you are working.
By default, this cmdlet does not generate any output.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Server
Specifies the Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS) instance to connect to, by providing one of the following values for a corresponding domain name or directory server.
The service may be any of the following: Active Directory Lightweight Domain Services (AD LDS), AD DS, or Active Directory snapshot instance.

Specify the Active Directory Domain Services instance in one of the following ways:

Domain name values:

- Fully qualified domain name
- NetBIOS name

Directory server values:

- Fully qualified directory server name
- NetBIOS name
- Fully qualified directory server name and port

The default value for this parameter is determined by one of the following methods in the order that they are listed:

- By using the *Server* value from objects passed through the pipeline
- By using the server information associated with the AD DS Windows PowerShell provider drive, when the cmdlet runs in that drive
- By using the domain of the computer running Windows PowerShell

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Site
Specifies the site associated with this subnet.

```yaml
Type: ADReplicationSite
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None or Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADReplicationSubnet
A subnet object that is a template for the new subnet object is received by the *Instance* parameter.

## OUTPUTS

### None or Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADReplicationSubnet

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-ADReplicationSubnet](./Get-ADReplicationSubnet.md)

[Remove-ADReplicationSubnet](./Remove-ADReplicationSubnet.md)

[Set-ADReplicationSubnet](./Set-ADReplicationSubnet.md)

