---
description: Use this topic to help manage Windows and Windows Server technologies with Windows PowerShell.
external help file: Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: ActiveDirectory
ms.date: 12/27/2016
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/activedirectory/set-adreplicationsubnet?view=windowsserver2025-ps&wt.mc_id=ps-gethelp
schema: 2.0.0
title: Set-ADReplicationSubnet
---

# Set-ADReplicationSubnet

## SYNOPSIS
Sets the properties of an Active Directory replication subnet object.

## SYNTAX

### Identity
```
Set-ADReplicationSubnet [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [-Add <Hashtable>] [-AuthType <ADAuthType>] [-Clear <String[]>]
 [-Credential <PSCredential>] [-Description <String>] [-Identity] <ADReplicationSubnet> [-Location <String>]
 [-PassThru] [-Remove <Hashtable>] [-Replace <Hashtable>] [-Server <String>] [-Site <ADReplicationSite>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Instance
```
Set-ADReplicationSubnet [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [-AuthType <ADAuthType>] [-Credential <PSCredential>]
 [-Instance <ADReplicationSubnet>] [-PassThru] [-Server <String>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Set-ADReplicationSubnet** cmdlet sets the properties of an Active Directory replication subnet object.
Subnet objects (class subnet) define network subnets in Active Directory.
A network subnet is a segment of a TCP/IP network to which a set of logical IP addresses is assigned.
Subnets group computers in a way that identifies their physical proximity on the network.
Subnet objects in Active Directory are used to map computers to sites.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Set a specified replication subnet
```
PS C:\> Set-ADReplicationSubnet -Identity "10.0.0.12/22" -Site Asia -Location "Tokyo,Japan"
```

This command sets the properties of the replication subnet identified as 10.0.0.12/22.

### Example 2: Set a filtered list of replication subnets
```
PS C:\> Get-ADReplicationSubnet -Filter "Location -like '*Japan'" -Properties Site | % {Set-ADReplicationSubnet $_ -Site Asia}
```

This command gets all of the replication subnets that are in Japan, and sets Asia as their associated site.

## PARAMETERS

### -Add
Specifies values to add to an object property.
Use this parameter to add one or more values to a property that cannot be modified using a cmdlet parameter.
To modify an object property, you must use the LDAP display name.
You can specify multiple values to a property by specifying a comma-separated list of values and more than one property by separating them using a semicolon.
The format for this parameter is:

`-Add @{Attribute1LDAPDisplayName=value1, value2, ...;   Attribute2LDAPDisplayName=value1, value2, ...; AttributeNLDAPDisplayName=value1, value2, ...}`

When you use the **Add**, **Remove**, **Replace** and **Clear** parameters together, the operations will be performed in the following order:

- **Remove**
- **Add**
- **Replace**
- **Clear**

```yaml
Type: Hashtable
Parameter Sets: Identity
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AuthType
Specifies the authentication method to use.
The acceptable values for this parameter are:

- Negotiate or 0
- Basic or 1

The default authentication method is Negotiate.

A Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) connection is required for the Basic authentication method.

```yaml
Type: ADAuthType
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Accepted values: Negotiate, Basic

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Clear
Specifies an array of object properties that will be cleared in the directory.
Use this parameter to clear one or more values of a property that cannot be modified using a cmdlet parameter.
To modify an object property, you must use the LDAP display name.
You can modify more than one property by specifying a comma-separated list.
The format for this parameter is:

`-Clear Attribute1LDAPDisplayName, Attribute2LDAPDisplayName`

When you use the **Add**, **Remove**, **Replace**, and **Clear** parameters together, the operations will be performed in the following order:

- **Remove**
- **Add**
- **Replace**
- **Clear**

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: Identity
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Credential
Specifies a user account that has permission to perform this action.
The default is the current user.

Type a user name, such as User01 or Domain01\User01, or enter a **PSCredential** object, such as one generated by the [Get-Credential](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=293936) cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.

This parameter is not supported by any providers installed with Windows PowerShell.

```yaml
Type: PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Description
Specifies a description of the object.
This parameter sets the value of the **Description** property for the object.
The LDAP Display Name (**ldapDisplayName**) for this property is description.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Identity
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Identity
Specifies an Active Directory object by providing one of the following property values.
The identifier in parentheses is the LDAP display name for the attribute.
The acceptable values for this parameter are:

- A distinguished name
- A GUID (objectGUID)

The cmdlet searches the default naming context or partition to find the object.
If two or more objects are found, the cmdlet returns a non-terminating error.

This parameter can also get this object through the pipeline or you can set this parameter to an object instance.

```yaml
Type: ADReplicationSubnet
Parameter Sets: Identity
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Instance
Specifies an instance of a subnet object to use as a template for a new subnet object.

You can use an instance of an existing subnet object as a template or you can construct a new subnet object by using the Windows PowerShell command line or by using a script.

Method 1: Use an existing subnet object as a template for a new object.
To retrieve an instance of an existing subnet object, use a cmdlet such as **Get-ADReplicationSubnet**.
Then provide this object to the **Instance** parameter of the **New-ADReplicationSubnet** cmdlet to create a new subnet object.
You can override property values of the new object by setting the appropriate parameters.

Method 2: Create a new **ADReplicationSubnet** and set the property values by using the Windows PowerShell command line interface.
Then pass this object to the **Instance** parameter of the **New-ADReplicationSubnet** cmdlet to create the new subnet object.

Note: Specified attributes are not validated, so attempting to set attributes that do not exist or cannot be set will raise an error.

```yaml
Type: ADReplicationSubnet
Parameter Sets: Instance
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Specifies a string that can be used to describe the physical location of this subnet.
This value may be displayed or made visible when the subnet object appears in other Active Directory administrative tools.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Identity
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PassThru
Returns an object representing the item with which you are working.
By default, this cmdlet does not generate any output.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Remove
Specifies that the cmdlet remove values of an object property.
Use this parameter to remove one or more values of a property that cannot be modified using a cmdlet parameter.
To remove an object property, you must use the LDAP display name.
You can remove more than one property by specifying a semicolon-separated list.
The format for this parameter is:

`-Remove @{Attribute1LDAPDisplayName=value[];   Attribute2LDAPDisplayName=value[]}`

When you use the **Add**, **Remove**, **Replace**, and **Clear** parameters together, the operations will be performed in the following order:

- **Remove**
- **Add**
- **Replace**
- **Clear**

```yaml
Type: Hashtable
Parameter Sets: Identity
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Replace
Specifies values for an object property that will replace the current values.
Use this parameter to replace one or more values of a property that cannot be modified using a cmdlet parameter.
To modify an object property, you must use the LDAP display name.
You can modify more than one property by specifying a comma-separated list.
The format for this parameter is:

`-Replace @{Attribute1LDAPDisplayName=value[],   Attribute2LDAPDisplayName=value[]}`

When you use the **Add**, **Remove**, **Replace**, and **Clear** parameters together, the operations will be performed in the following order:

- **Remove**
- **Add**
- **Replace**
- **Clear**

```yaml
Type: Hashtable
Parameter Sets: Identity
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Server
`-Add @{Attribute1LDAPDisplayName=value1, value2, ...;   Attribute2LDAPDisplayName=value1, value2, ...; AttributeNLDAPDisplayName=value1, value2, ...}`

When you use the **Add**, **Remove**, **Replace** and **Clear** parameters together, the operations will be performed in the following order:

- **Remove**
- **Add**
- **Replace**
- **Clear**

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Site
Specifies the site associated with this subnet.

```yaml
Type: ADReplicationSite
Parameter Sets: Identity
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None or Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADReplicationSubnet
A subnet object is received by the *Identity* parameter.

A subnet object that was retrieved by using the **Get-ADReplicationSubnet** cmdlet and then modified is received by the **Instance** parameter.

## OUTPUTS

### None or Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADReplicationSubnet

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-ADReplicationSubnet](./Get-ADReplicationSubnet.md)

[New-ADReplicationSubnet](./New-ADReplicationSubnet.md)

[Remove-ADReplicationSubnet](./Remove-ADReplicationSubnet.md)

