---
external help file: Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: ActiveDirectory
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/activedirectory/get-adreplicationpartnermetadata?view=windowsserver2012-ps&wt.mc_id=ps-gethelp
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-ADReplicationPartnerMetadata

## SYNOPSIS
Returns the replication metadata for a set of one or more replication partners.

## SYNTAX

### Target (Default)
```
Get-ADReplicationPartnerMetadata [-AuthType <ADAuthType>] [-Credential <PSCredential>]
 [-EnumerationServer <String>] [-Filter <String>] [[-Partition] <String[]>] [[-PartnerType] <ADPartnerType>]
 [-Target] <Object[]> [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Scope
```
Get-ADReplicationPartnerMetadata [-AuthType <ADAuthType>] [-Credential <PSCredential>]
 [-EnumerationServer <String>] [-Filter <String>] [[-Partition] <String[]>] [[-PartnerType] <ADPartnerType>]
 [-Scope] <ADScopeType> [[-Target] <Object[]>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The Get-ADReplicationPartnerMetadata cmdlet returns an Active Directory replication partner metadata object for each of its replication partners which contains all of the relevant replication data for the partners involved.
This includes attributes such as LastReplicationSuccess or LastReplicationAttempt and other data specific to each pairing of replication partners.
If the results are too verbose for your needs, you can use the Partition parameter to specify a partition to narrow down the results.
Optionally, you can use the Filter parameter to narrow down results as well.
If no partition or filter are specified for the results, the default naming context is used and metadata for all replication partners is returned.

## EXAMPLES

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 1 --------------------------
```
C:\PS>Get-ADReplicationPartnerMetadata -Target corp-DC01
```

Description

-----------

Get the replication metadata between corp-DC01 and its inbound partners for the default partition only.

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 2 --------------------------
```
C:\PS>Get-ADReplicationPartnerMetadata -Target corp-DC01 -PartnerType Inbound
```

Description

-----------

Get the replication metadata between corp-DC01 and its inbound partners for the default partition only (same as above).

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 3 --------------------------
```
C:\PS>Get-ADReplicationPartnerMetadata -Target corp-DC01,corp-DC02 -PartnerType Both -Partition Schema
```

Description

-----------

Get the replication metadata between corp-DC01, corp-DC02 and their respective partners only (both inbound and outbound) for the schema partition.

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 4 --------------------------
```
C:\PS>Get-ADReplicationPartnerMetadata -Target NorthAmerica -Scope Site -Partition *
```

Description

-----------

Get the replication metadata for all the inbound partners of all the domain controllers within the 'NorthAmerica' site for all hosted partitions.

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 5 --------------------------
```
C:\PS>Get-ADReplicationPartnerMetadata -Target "corp.contoso.com" -Scope Domain
```

Description

-----------

Get the replication metadata for all the domain controllers that are inbound partners for the default partition in the domain 'corp.contoso.com'.

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 6 --------------------------
```
C:\PS>Get-ADReplicationPartnerMetadata -Target "corp.contoso.com" -Scope Forest -Partition Configuration
```

Description

-----------

Get the replication metadata for all the domain controllers that are inbound partners for the configuration partition in the forest 'corp.contoso.com'.

## PARAMETERS

### -AuthType
Specifies the authentication method to use.
Possible values for this parameter include:

Negotiate or 0

Basic or 1

The default authentication method is Negotiate.

A Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) connection is required for the Basic authentication method.

The following example shows how to set this parameter to Basic.

-AuthType Basic

```yaml
Type: ADAuthType
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: Negotiate, Basic

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.AuthType.Negotiate
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Credential
Specifies a user account that has permission to perform this action.
The default is the current user.

Type a user name, such as "User01" or "Domain01\User01", or enter a PSCredential object, such as one generated by the Get-Credential cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.

This parameter is not supported by any providers installed with Windows PowerShell.

```yaml
Type: PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EnumerationServer
Specifies the Active Directory Domain Services instance to connect to, by providing one of the following values for a corresponding domain name or directory server.
The service may be any of the following:  Active Directory Lightweight Domain Services, Active Directory Domain Services or Active Directory Snapshot instance.

Domain name values:

Fully qualified domain name

Examples: corp.contoso.com

NetBIOS name

Example: CORP

Directory server values:

Fully qualified directory server name

Example: corp-DC12.corp.contoso.com

NetBIOS name

Example: corp-DC12

Fully qualified directory server name and port

Example: corp-DC12.corp.contoso.com:3268

The default value for the Server parameter is determined by one of the following methods in the order that they are listed:

-By using Server value from objects passed through the pipeline.

-By using the server information associated with the Active Directory PowerShell provider drive, when running under that drive.

-By using the domain of the computer running Windows PowerShell.

The following example shows how to specify a full qualified domain name as the parameter value.

-Server "corp.contoso.com"

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Filter
Specifies a filter in the provider's format or language.
The value of this parameter qualifies the Path parameter.
The syntax of the filter, including the use of wildcards, depends on the provider.
Filters are more efficient than other parameters, because the provider applies them when retrieving the objects, rather than having Windows PowerShell filter the objects after they are retrieved.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Partition
Specifies the distinguished name of an Active Directory partition.
The distinguished name must be one of the naming contexts on the current directory server.
The cmdlet searches this partition to find the object defined by the Identity parameter.

The following two examples show how to specify a value for this parameter.

-Partition "CN=Configuration,DC=EUROPE,DC=TEST,DC=CONTOSO,DC=COM"

-Partition "CN=Schema,CN=Configuration,DC=EUROPE,DC=TEST,DC=CONTOSO,DC=COM"

In many cases, a default value will be used for the Partition parameter if no value is specified. 
The rules for determining the default value are given below. 
Note that rules listed first are evaluated first and once a default value can be determined, no further rules will be evaluated.

In AD DS environments, a default value for Partition will be set in the following cases:  - If the Identity parameter is set to a distinguished name, the default value of Partition is automatically generated from this distinguished name.

- If running cmdlets from an Active Directory provider drive, the default value of Partition is automatically generated from the current path in the drive.
- If none of the previous cases apply, the default value of Partition will be set to the default partition or naming context of the target domain.

In AD LDS environments, a default value for Partition will be set in the following cases:

- If the Identity parameter is set to a distinguished name, the default value of Partition is automatically generated from this distinguished name.
- If running cmdlets from an Active Directory provider drive, the default value of Partition is automatically generated from the current path in the drive.
- If the target AD LDS instance has a default naming context, the default value of Partition will be set to the default naming context.  To specify a default naming context for an AD LDS environment, set the msDS-defaultNamingContext property of the Active Directory directory service agent (DSA) object (nTDSDSA) for the AD LDS instance.
- If none of the previous cases apply, the Partition parameter will not take any default value.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: NC, NamingContext

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: DefaultNC; Provider: Default is to use the Partition that you are currently in. Else, use DefaultNC (IE: If you are in the RootDSE)
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PartnerType
An enumeration of the replication types returned by this cmdlet.
The following are the allowable values for this parameter: Inbound, Outbound, Both.

```yaml
Type: ADPartnerType
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: Inbound, Outbound, Both

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: Inbound
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Scope
Specifies the scope type for the Target parameter when used as input.
The allowable values for this parameter are:

Server

Site

Domain

Forest

```yaml
Type: ADScopeType
Parameter Sets: Scope
Aliases: 
Accepted values: Server, Domain, Forest, Site

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Target
Specifies the target for returning replication partner metadata as either one or more domain controllers, sites, domains, or forests.
If multiple values for the target are to be specified, they need to be separated by commas.
This parameter will return results for all the domain controllers specified or for part of the specified container.

```yaml
Type: Object[]
Parameter Sets: Target
Aliases: Name, HostName, Site, Domain, Forest

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: DCLocator;  Provider: -Server of the connected drive
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

```yaml
Type: Object[]
Parameter Sets: Scope
Aliases: Name, HostName, Site, Domain, Forest

Required: False
Position: 0
Default value: DCLocator;  Provider: -Server of the connected drive
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADDirectoryServer
A class structure that represents Active Directory server objects.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADReplicationPartnerMetadata
A class structure that represents Active Directory replication partner metadata objects.

## NOTES
* The default behavior for this cmdlet is to prompt for server identity. Other tools that have been made available in prior releases of Windows Server to manage replication partnerships include Active Directory Sites and Services and the Repadmin.exe tool. If this cmdlet is aliased, it should use "ReplSummary" as the alias name value.

## RELATED LINKS

