---
external help file: Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: 76AD661A-59E0-467C-A2DB-8D70729EFD5F
manager: dansimp
online version: 
schema: 2.0.0
ms.reviewer:
ms.author: v-kaunu
author: Kateyanne
---

# Get-ADReplicationFailure

## SYNOPSIS
Returns a collection of data describing an Active Directory replication failure.

## SYNTAX

### Target (Default)
```
Get-ADReplicationFailure [-AuthType <ADAuthType>] [-Credential <PSCredential>] [-EnumeratingServer <String>]
 [-Filter <String>] [-Target] <Object[]> [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Scope
```
Get-ADReplicationFailure [-AuthType <ADAuthType>] [-Credential <PSCredential>] [-EnumeratingServer <String>]
 [-Filter <String>] [-Scope] <ADScopeType> [[-Target] <Object[]>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The Get-ADReplicationFailure cmdlet returns all failures currently associated with a given domain controller or Active Directory Lightweight Directory Services (AD LDS) instance.
The return object is of type ADReplicationFailure.
This cmdlet returns the list of failures in the ADReplicationSummary object for a specific server.

## EXAMPLES

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 1 --------------------------
```
C:\PS>Get-ADReplicationFailure -Target corp-DC01
```

Description

-----------

Get a collection of data describing an Active Directory replication failure for corp-DC01.

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 2 --------------------------
```
C:\PS>Get-ADReplicationFailure -Target corp-DC01 -Scope Server
```

Description

-----------

Get a collection of data describing an Active Directory replication failure from corp-DC01 (same as above).

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 3 --------------------------
```
C:\PS>Get-ADReplicationFailure -Target corp-DC01,corp-DC02
```

Description

-----------

Get a collection of data describing an Active Directory replication failure from corp-DC01 and corp-DC02.

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 4 --------------------------
```
C:\PS>Get-ADReplicationFailure -Target NorthAmerica -Scope Site
```

Description

-----------

Get a collection of data describing Active Directory replication failures from all the domain controllers in the site 'NorthAmerica'.

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 5 --------------------------
```
C:\PS>Get-ADReplicationFailure -Target "corp.contoso.com" -Scope Domain
```

Description

-----------

Get a collection of data describing Active Directory replication failures from all the domain controllers in the domain 'corp.contoso.com'.

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 6 --------------------------
```
C:\PS>Get-ADReplicationFailure -Target "corp.contoso.com" -Scope Forest
```

Description

-----------

Get a collection of data describing Active Directory replication failures from all the domain controllers in the forest 'corp.contoso.com'

## PARAMETERS

### -AuthType
Specifies the authentication method to use.
Possible values for this parameter include:

Negotiate or 0

Basic or 1

The default authentication method is Negotiate.

A Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) connection is required for the Basic authentication method.

The following example shows how to set this parameter to Basic.

-AuthType Basic

```yaml
Type: ADAuthType
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: Negotiate, Basic

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.AuthType.Negotiate
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Credential
Specifies a user account that has permission to perform this action.
The default is the current user.

Type a user name, such as "User01" or "Domain01\User01", or enter a PSCredential object, such as one generated by the Get-Credential cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.

This parameter is not supported by any providers installed with Windows PowerShell.

```yaml
Type: PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EnumeratingServer
Specifies the Active Directory Domain Services instance to connect to, by providing one of the following values for a corresponding domain name or directory server.
The service may be any of the following:  Active Directory Lightweight Domain Services, Active Directory Domain Services or Active Directory Snapshot instance.

Domain name values:

Fully qualified domain name

Examples: corp.contoso.com

NetBIOS name

Example: CORP

Directory server values:

Fully qualified directory server name

Example: corp-DC12.corp.contoso.com

NetBIOS name

Example: corp-DC12

Fully qualified directory server name and port

Example: corp-DC12.corp.contoso.com:3268

The default value for the Server parameter is determined by one of the following methods in the order that they are listed:

-By using Server value from objects passed through the pipeline.

-By using the server information associated with the Active Directory PowerShell provider drive, when running under that drive.

-By using the domain of the computer running Windows PowerShell.

The following example shows how to specify a full qualified domain name as the parameter value.

-Server "corp.contoso.com"

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Filter
Specifies a filter in the provider's format or language.
The value of this parameter qualifies the Path parameter.
The syntax of the filter, including the use of wildcards, depends on the provider.
Filters are more efficient than other parameters, because the provider applies them when retrieving the objects, rather than having Windows PowerShell filter the objects after they are retrieved.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Scope
Specifies the type of object used as input by the Target parameter.
The following are allowable values to use:

Server

Site

Domain

Forest

```yaml
Type: ADScopeType
Parameter Sets: Scope
Aliases: ReplicationSite
Accepted values: Server, Domain, Forest, Site

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Target
Specifies either one or more (using a comma separated list) of Active Directory domain controllers, sites, domains, or forests.
It will return results for all the domain controllers that are specified or that are part of the specified container.

```yaml
Type: Object[]
Parameter Sets: Target
Aliases: Name, HostName, Site, Domain, Forest

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: DCLocator;  Provider: -Server of the connected drive
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

```yaml
Type: Object[]
Parameter Sets: Scope
Aliases: Name, HostName, Site, Domain, Forest

Required: False
Position: 0
Default value: DCLocator;  Provider: -Server of the connected drive
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADDirectoryServer
A class structure that contains one or more Active Directory server objects.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADReplicationFailure
A class structure that represents Active Directory replication failure objects.

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

