---
external help file: Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: 9E040A49-F662-4B5D-9CF3-C8614D3AF5A3
online version: 
schema: 2.0.0
ms.reviewer:
---

# New-ADReplicationSite

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a new Active Directory replication site in the directory.

## SYNTAX

```
New-ADReplicationSite [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [-AuthType <ADAuthType>]
 [-AutomaticInterSiteTopologyGenerationEnabled <Boolean>] [-AutomaticTopologyGenerationEnabled <Boolean>]
 [-Credential <PSCredential>] [-Description <String>] [-Instance <ADReplicationSite>]
 [-InterSiteTopologyGenerator <ADDirectoryServer>] [-ManagedBy <ADPrincipal>] [-Name] <String>
 [-OtherAttributes <Hashtable>] [-PassThru] [-ProtectedFromAccidentalDeletion <Boolean>]
 [-RedundantServerTopologyEnabled <Boolean>] [-ReplicationSchedule <ActiveDirectorySchedule>]
 [-ScheduleHashingEnabled <Boolean>] [-Server <String>] [-TopologyCleanupEnabled <Boolean>]
 [-TopologyDetectStaleEnabled <Boolean>] [-TopologyMinimumHopsEnabled <Boolean>]
 [-UniversalGroupCachingEnabled <Boolean>] [-UniversalGroupCachingRefreshSite <ADReplicationSite>]
 [-WindowsServer2000BridgeheadSelectionMethodEnabled <Boolean>]
 [-WindowsServer2000KCCISTGSelectionBehaviorEnabled <Boolean>] [-WindowsServer2003KCCBehaviorEnabled <Boolean>]
 [-WindowsServer2003KCCIgnoreScheduleEnabled <Boolean>]
 [-WindowsServer2003KCCSiteLinkBridgingEnabled <Boolean>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The New-ADReplicationSite cmdlet is used to create new sites in Active Directory replication.
Sites are used in Active Directory to either enable clients to discover network resources (published shares, domain controllers) close to the physical location of a client computer or to reduce network traffic over wide area network (WAN) links.
Sites can also be used to optimize replication between domain controllers.

## EXAMPLES

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 1 --------------------------
```
C:\PS>New-ADReplicationSite NorthAmerica
```

Description

-----------

Create a new site named 'NorthAmerica'.

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 2 --------------------------
```
C:\PS>New-ADReplicationSite Europe -AutomaticInterSiteTopologyGenerationEnabled $FALSE
```

Description

-----------

Create a new site named 'Europe', and set the AutomaticInterSiteTopologyGenerationEnabled property on the new object.

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 3 --------------------------
```
C:\PS>$schedule = New-Object -TypeName System.DirectoryServices.ActiveDirectory.ActiveDirectorySchedule;
$schedule.ResetSchedule();
$schedule.SetDailySchedule("Twenty","Zero","TwentyTwo","Thirty");
New-ADReplicationSite Asia -ReplicationSchedule $schedule
```

Description

-----------

Create a new site named 'Asia', and set the daily ReplicationSchedule from 20:00 to 22:30.

## PARAMETERS

### -AuthType
Specifies the authentication method to use.
Possible values for this parameter include:

Negotiate or 0

Basic or 1

The default authentication method is Negotiate.

A Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) connection is required for the Basic authentication method.

The following example shows how to set this parameter to Basic.

-AuthType Basic

```yaml
Type: ADAuthType
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: Negotiate, Basic

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.AuthType.Negotiate
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AutomaticInterSiteTopologyGenerationEnabled
Prevents the KCC that functions as the intersite topology generator (ISTG) from generating connections for intersite replication.
Use this option when you want to create manual intersite connections (disable the ISTG) but retain the KCC to generate intrasite connections.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AutomaticTopologyGenerationEnabled
When enabled, prevents the KCC from generating intrasite connections on all servers in the site.
Disable this option if you use manual connections and do not want the KCC to build connections automatically.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Credential
Specifies a user account that has permission to perform this action.
The default is the current user.

Type a user name, such as "User01" or "Domain01\User01", or enter a PSCredential object, such as one generated by the Get-Credential cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.

This parameter is not supported by any providers installed with Windows PowerShell.

```yaml
Type: PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Description
Specifies a description of the object.
This parameter sets the value of the Description property for the object.
The LDAP Display Name (ldapDisplayName) for this property is "description".

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Instance
Specifies an instance of a site object to use as a template for a new site object.

You can use an instance of an existing site object as a template or you can construct a new site object by using the Windows PowerShell command line or by using a script.
The following examples show how to use these two methods to create a new site object.

Method 1: Use an existing site object as a template for a new object.
To retrieve an instance of an existing site object, use the Get-ADReplicationSite cmdlet.
Then provide this site object to the Instance parameter of the New-ADReplicationSite cmdlet to create a new site object.
You can override property values of the new object by setting the appropriate parameters.

$objectInstance = Get-ADReplicationSite -Identity NorthAmerica

New-ADReplicationSite -Name "SouthAmerica"  -Instance $ObjectInstance

Method 2: Create a new ADReplicationSite and set the property values by using the Windows PowerShell command line interface.
Then pass this object to the Instance parameter of the New-ADReplicationSite cmdlet to create the new site object.

$objectInstance = new-object Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADReplicationSite

$objectInstance.Description = "North America"

New-ADReplicationSite -Name "NorthAmerica" -Instance $ObjectInstance

Note: Specified attributes are not validated, so attempting to set attributes that do not exist or cannot be set will raise an error.

```yaml
Type: ADReplicationSite
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InterSiteTopologyGenerator
The server acting as the inter-site topology generator for this site.

```yaml
Type: ADDirectoryServer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ManagedBy
Specifies the user or group that manages the object by providing one of the following property values.
Note: The identifier in parentheses is the LDAP display name for the property.

Distinguished Name

Example:  CN=SaraDavis,OU=Europe,CN=Users,DC=corp,DC=contoso,DC=com

GUID (objectGUID)

Example: 599c3d2e-f72d-4d20-8a88-030d99495f20

Security Identifier (objectSid)

Example: S-1-5-21-3165297888-301567370-576410423-1103

SAM Account Name (sAMAccountName)

Example: saradavis

This parameter sets the Active Directory attribute with an LDAP Display Name of "managedBy".

The following example shows how to specify this parameter.

-ManagedBy ContosoAdmins

```yaml
Type: ADPrincipal
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies a name for the replication site object.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OtherAttributes
Specifies object attribute values for attributes that are not represented by cmdlet parameters.
You can set one or more parameters at the same time with this parameter.
If an attribute takes more than one value, you can assign multiple values.
To identify an attribute, specify the LDAPDisplayName (ldapDisplayName) defined for it in the Active Directory schema.

Syntax:

To specify a single value for an attribute:

-OtherAttributes @{'AttributeLDAPDisplayName'=value}

To specify multiple values for an attribute

-OtherAttributes @{'AttributeLDAPDisplayName'=value1,value2,...}

You can specify values for more than one attribute by using semicolons to separate attributes. 
The following syntax shows how to set values for multiple attributes:

-OtherAttributes @{'Attribute1LDAPDisplayName'=value; 'Attribute2LDAPDisplayName'=value1,value2;...}

The following examples show how to use this parameter.

To set the value of a custom attribute called favColors that takes a set of Unicode strings, use the following syntax:

-OtherAttributes @{'favColors'="pink","purple"}

To set values for favColors and dateOfBirth simultaneously, use the following syntax:

-OtherAttributes @{'favColors'="pink","purple"; 'dateOfBirth'=" 01/01/1960"}

```yaml
Type: Hashtable
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PassThru
Returns the new or modified object.
By default (i.e.
if -PassThru is not specified), this cmdlet does not generate any output.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ProtectedFromAccidentalDeletion
Specifies whether to prevent the object from being deleted.
When this property is set to true, you cannot delete the corresponding object without changing the value of the property.
Possible values for this parameter include:

$false or 0

$true or 1

The following example shows how to set this parameter to true.

-ProtectedFromAccidentalDeletion $true

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RedundantServerTopologyEnabled
Creates redundant connections between sites before a failure takes place.
When enabled, disables KCC failover.
Requires that automatic detection of failed connections also be disabled (+IS_TOPL_DETECT_STALE_DISABLED).

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ReplicationSchedule
Default replication schedule for connections within this site (intra-site replication).

```yaml
Type: ActiveDirectorySchedule
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ScheduleHashingEnabled
Spreads replication start times randomly across the entire schedule interval rather than just the first quarter of the interval.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Server
Specifies the Active Directory Domain Services instance to connect to, by providing one of the following values for a corresponding domain name or directory server.
The service may be any of the following:  Active Directory Lightweight Domain Services, Active Directory Domain Services or Active Directory Snapshot instance.

Domain name values:

Fully qualified domain name

Examples: corp.contoso.com

NetBIOS name

Example: CORP

Directory server values:

Fully qualified directory server name

Example: corp-DC12.corp.contoso.com

NetBIOS name

Example: corp-DC12

Fully qualified directory server name and port

Example: corp-DC12.corp.contoso.com:3268

The default value for the Server parameter is determined by one of the following methods in the order that they are listed:

-By using Server value from objects passed through the pipeline.

-By using the server information associated with the Active Directory PowerShell provider drive, when running under that drive.

-By using the domain of the computer running Powershell.

The following example shows how to specify a full qualified domain name as the parameter value.

-Server "corp.contoso.com"

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TopologyCleanupEnabled
When enabled, prevents the KCC from removing connection objects that it does not need.
Disable this option if you want to take responsibility for removing old redundant connections.
Alternatively, to control or augment the topology, you can use manual connections, which the KCC does not delete.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TopologyDetectStaleEnabled
Prevents the KCC from excluding servers that are unreachable from the topology; that is, the KCC does use an alternate server to reroute replication.
Use this option only if network communication is very unstable and brief outages are expected.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TopologyMinimumHopsEnabled
When enabled, prevents the KCC from generating optimizing connections in the ring topology of intrasite replication.
Optimizing connections reduce the replication latency in the site and disabling them is not recommended.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -UniversalGroupCachingEnabled
True if this site caches universal groups (those on GCs); useful in sites with no local GC.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -UniversalGroupCachingRefreshSite
If universal group caching is enabled, the name of the site from which the cache is pulled.

```yaml
Type: ADReplicationSite
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WindowsServer2000BridgeheadSelectionMethodEnabled
Implements the Windows 2000 Server method of selecting a single bridgehead server per directory partition and transport.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WindowsServer2000KCCISTGSelectionBehaviorEnabled
Off by default.
When enabled, implements the Windows 2000 Server method of ISTG selection.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WindowsServer2003KCCBehaviorEnabled
Implements KCC operation that is consistent with Windows Server 2003 forest functional level.
This option can be set if all domain controllers in the site are running Windows Server 2003.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WindowsServer2003KCCIgnoreScheduleEnabled
When the forest functional level Windows Server 2003 or Windows Server 2003 interim is in effect, provides KCC control of the ability to ignore schedules (replication occurs at the designated intervals and is always available).

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WindowsServer2003KCCSiteLinkBridgingEnabled
When the forest functional level Windows Server 2003 or Windows Server 2003 interim is in effect, provides KCC control of the ability to enable or disable site link bridging.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None or Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADReplicationSite
A site object that is a template for the new site object is received by the Instance parameter.

## OUTPUTS

### None or Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADReplicationSite

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-ADReplicationSite](./Get-ADReplicationSite.md)

[Remove-ADReplicationSite](./Remove-ADReplicationSite.md)

[Set-ADReplicationSite](./Set-ADReplicationSite.md)

