---
external help file: Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: ActiveDirectory
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/activedirectory/sync-adobject?view=windowsserver2012-ps&wt.mc_id=ps-gethelp
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Sync-ADObject

## SYNOPSIS
Replicates a single object between any two domain controllers that have partitions in common.

## SYNTAX

```
Sync-ADObject [-AuthType <ADAuthType>] [-Credential <PSCredential>] [-Destination] <String>
 [-Object] <ADObject> [-PassThru] [-PasswordOnly] [[-Source] <String>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The Sync-ADObject cmdlet replicates a single object between any two domain controllers that have partitions in common.
The two domain controllers do not need to be direct replication partners.
It can also be used to populate passwords in a read-only domain controller (RODC) cache.

## EXAMPLES

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 1 --------------------------
```
C:\PS>Sync-ADObject "CN=AccountManagers,OU=AccountDeptOU,DC=corp,DC=contoso,DC=com" corp-DC01 corp-DC02
```

Description

-----------

Replicate an object with DistinguishedName 'CN=AccountManagers,OU=AccountDeptOU,DC=corp,DC=contoso,DC=com' from corp-DC01 to corp-DC02.

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 2 --------------------------
```
C:\PS>Get-ADUser saradavis | Sync-ADObject -Destination "corp-RODC01" -PasswordOnly
```

Description

-----------

Pre-cache the password of Sara Davis to the read-only Domain Controller corp-RODC01 using the user's SamAccountName

## PARAMETERS

### -AuthType
Specifies the authentication method to use.
Possible values for this parameter include:

Negotiate or 0

Basic or 1

The default authentication method is Negotiate.

A Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) connection is required for the Basic authentication method.

The following example shows how to set this parameter to Basic.

-AuthType Basic

```yaml
Type: ADAuthType
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: Negotiate, Basic

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.AuthType.Negotiate
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Credential
Specifies a user account that has permission to perform this action.
The default is the current user.

Type a user name, such as "User01" or "Domain01\User01", or enter a PSCredential object, such as one generated by the Get-Credential cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.

This parameter is not supported by any providers installed with Windows PowerShell.

```yaml
Type: PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Destination
Specifies the identity of the Active Directory server that acts as the destination for synchronizing this data.
The alias for Destination is Server.
This parameter works similarly to the Server parameter as used on the Set-Object cmdlet with some restrictions.
It does not allow domain or forest names to be used.

Valid formats for specifying the destination server are the following:

Host name

Example: corp-DC12

Host name and port

Examples: corp-DC12:3268

Fully qualified directory server name and port

Example: corp-DC12.corp.contoso.com:3268

IP address

Examples: 10.0.0.1

IP address and port

Example: 10.0.0.1:3268

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: Server, HostName, IPv4Address

Required: True
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Object
Specifies an Active Directory object by providing one of the following property values.
The identifier in parentheses is the LDAP display name for the attribute.

Distinguished Name

Example: CN=saradavis,OU=users,OU=asia,DC=corp,DC=contoso,DC=com

GUID (objectGUID)

Example: 599c3d2e-f72d-4d20-8a88-030d99495f20

The cmdlet searches the default naming context or partition to find the object.
If two or more objects are found, the cmdlet returns a non-terminating error.

This parameter can also get this object through the pipeline or you can set this parameter to an object instance.

Derived types, such as the following are also accepted:

Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADGroup

Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADUser

Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADComputer

Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADServiceAccount

Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADFineGrainedPasswordPolicy

Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADDomain

This example shows how to set this parameter to an ADObject object instance named "ADObjectInstance".

-Identity   $ADObjectInstance

```yaml
Type: ADObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PassThru
Returns the object once it has been synchronized on the destination server.
By default if the PassThru parameter is not specified, this cmdlet does not generate any output.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PasswordOnly
Populates a read-only domain controller (RODC) password cache with the password of the account specified in the Object parameter.
If specified, no other data is replicated other than the password.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Source
Specifies the identity of the Active Directory server that acts as the source for synchronizing this data.
This parameter works similarly to the Server parameter as used on the Set-Object cmdlet with some restrictions.
It does not allow domain or forest names to be used.

Valid format foes specifying the source server are the following:

Host name

Example: corp-DC12

Host name and port

Examples: corp-DC12:3268

Fully qualified directory server name and port

Example: corp-DC12.corp.contoso.com:3268

IP address

Examples: 10.0.0.1

IP address and port

Example: 10.0.0.1:3268

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADObject
Derived types, such as the following are also accepted:

Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADGroup

Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADUser

Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADComputer

Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADServiceAccount

Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADOrganizationalUnit

Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADFineGrainedPasswordPolicy

Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.ADDomain

## OUTPUTS

## NOTES
* This cmdlet only works with Windows Server 2012, Windows Server 2008 R2 SP1 and Windows Server 2008 or  Windows Server 2003.
* For Windows Server 2008 or Windows Server 2003, this cmdlet requires that the Active Directory Management Gateway Service is installed and running. This requires a separate download, which can be obtained on the Microsoft Download Center.

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-ADObject](./Get-ADObject.md)

[Move-ADObject](./Move-ADObject.md)

[New-ADObject](./New-ADObject.md)

[Remove-ADObject](./Remove-ADObject.md)

[Rename-ADObject](./Rename-ADObject.md)

[Restore-ADObject](./Restore-ADObject.md)

[Set-ADObject](./Set-ADObject.md)

