---
external help file: FsrmStorageReport.cdxml-help.xml
Module Name: FileServerResourceManager
online version: 
schema: 2.0.0
title: Get-FsrmStorageReport
ms.author: v-kaunu
ms.reviewer: brianlic
description: 
keywords: powershell, cmdlet
author: Kateyanne
manager: jasgro
ms.date: 10/30/2017
ms.topic: reference
ms.prod: powershell
ms.technology: powershell
ms.assetid: 0A12DBDB-7266-4F38-B9B4-230FC8BDE587
---

# Get-FsrmStorageReport

## SYNOPSIS
Gets storage reports.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-FsrmStorageReport [[-Name] <String[]>] [-CimSession <CimSession[]>] [-ThrottleLimit <Int32>] [-AsJob]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-FsrmStorageReport** cmdlet gets one or more storage reports on the server.
This cmdlet gets all types of storage reports: scheduled, interactive, and incident reports.
If you do not specify the **Name** parameter, this cmdlet gets all storage reports on the server.

The object that this cmdlet returns does not include a property to indicate if a report is interactive.
Use the Schedule property to determine if a report is interactive or is launched by an event incident, such as a quota event.
If the Schedule property has a value, the report is scheduled.
If the schedule property is null, the report is interactive or generated by an event.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get all storage reports.
```
PS C:\>Get-FsrmStorageReport
```

This command gets all storage reports on the server.

### Example 2: Get a storage report by using a name
```
PS C:\>Get-FsrmStorageReport -Name "Find big files"
```

This command gets the storage report named "Find big files".

## PARAMETERS

### -AsJob
ps_cimcommon_asjob

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -CimSession
Runs the cmdlet in a remote session or on a remote computer.
Enter a computer name or a session object, such as the output of a New-CimSessionhttp://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=227967 or Get-CimSessionhttp://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=227966 cmdlet.
The default is the current session on the local computer.

```yaml
Type: CimSession[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: Session

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies an arrary of names of storage reports.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ThrottleLimit
Specifies the maximum number of concurrent operations that can be established to run the cmdlet.
If this parameter is omitted or a value of `0` is entered, then Windows PowerShell® calculates an optimum throttle limit for the cmdlet based on the number of CIM cmdlets that are running on the computer.
The throttle limit applies only to the current cmdlet, not to the session or to the computer.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimInstance#MSFT_FSRMStorageReport

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Set-FsrmStorageReport](./Set-FsrmStorageReport.md)

[New-FsrmStorageReport](./New-FsrmStorageReport.md)

[Start-FsrmStorageReport](./Start-FsrmStorageReport.md)

[Stop-FsrmStorageReport](./Stop-FsrmStorageReport.md)

[Wait-FsrmStorageReport](./Wait-FsrmStorageReport.md)

[Remove-FsrmStorageReport](./Remove-FsrmStorageReport.md)

